sit out
[Music]
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain sand shark
this film tells the story of a group of
teenagers who gathered on white sands
beach for a festival
chaos ensues when one of them falls prey
to a prehistoric predator
how could a predatory shark manage to
get on land
let's find out in sand shark
sand shark begins by showing two men
riding having fun on the beach the two
of them were riding on their motorbikes
however the fun quickly changed when one
of the bikers fell off his motorbike he
never suspected that under the sand
there was a prehistoric animal that was
ready to threaten his life
while trying to revive his motorcycle
suddenly a giant beast lunged at him
he then vanished among the vast sand
not long after his colleague came and
found his helmet and motorbike lying on
the sand
when he was about to remove the flag
stuck in the sand he suddenly saw a
shark spin moving quickly towards him
the man decided to run away immediately
unfortunately his balance swayed until
he fell off the motorcycle
the man tried to escape by crawling with
all his might but the prehistoric shark
came straight out of the sand and
pounced him alive
the scene changes to a small town on the
beach the city looked pleasant with a
small population it turns out that this
city is ruled by a man named jimmy
he was the man who regulated what events
could be held on the island jimmy is the
mayor's son so he feels he can do
whatever he wants
two cops named john and brenda are
assigned to search for the two missing
men it turns out they only found the
head of a man with a body that had
disappeared they finally concluded that
the two men had been murdered
surprisingly there seemed to be a
strange trail around them as if an
animal had just passed by they then
decided to report this discovery to the
mayor the scene changes back to jimmy
jimmy looks enthusiastic when explaining
a festival he wants to hold he said that
if the event will be held at the white
sand beach he ensured that the festival
would become a new tourist spot on the
island and they would get a lot of new
visitors especially the event will be
marketed to students and youth from
cities across the island on the other
hand brenda who is still curious about
the death of the two motorcycle riders
called in a veterinarian named sandy
brenda enlists sandy's support to help
them analyze the suspicious case
that afternoon jimmy came to the beach
with three of his assistants jimmy's
arrival is to see the location of the
white sand beach which will be the area
of the festival but at that time there
was a man who was surfing suddenly a
giant shark pounced and killed him his
friend who saw the incident screamed
hysterically john and brenda then ran to
the woman but only a short time later
the shark appeared again and immediately
pounced on the woman right in front of
their eyes
at the mayor's office residents begin to
arrive to discuss this bloody event this
incident is very serious because there
have been two incidents where these
prehistoric sharks have eaten people
brenda and john said that the sharks
were so vicious that they left only the
remaining body parts of their victims
meanwhile sandy has arrived in the city
but she has only heard the commotion in
the mayor's office in silence it can be
seen that the mayor is still hesitant to
close the beach then suddenly a man
appeared and said that he had caught the
prehistoric beast the man named angus
said that the animal that attacked the
visitors was a sand shark according to
angus he can help catch the sand shark
again if the mayor is willing to pay him
ten thousand dollars
but the mayor seems to have more
confidence in sandy's abilities
sandy then began examining the victim's
body parts in her laboratory
night fell two men were seen on the
beach on a rubber boat it turned out
that their arrival at the beach was to
look for the sand sharks
but they did not expect the shark was
very vicious and immediately approached
them the two men decided to run away but
the shark swam very fast and immediately
pounced on them to death
the next day brenda brought sandy to
check on the two victims they could only
find a rubber boat with a human wrist
still attached to it
sandy then took some samples of shark
teeth that were stuck in the victims
bodies in her laboratory she could
conclude that the teeth in front of her
had the same structure as the teeth of a
shark
according to her these teeth could still
grow even bigger in fact when they look
at the size the teeth are even bigger
than the teeth of an adult shark in
general at the same time brenda calls
john on a walkie-talkie according to her
there was someone who managed to catch a
giant shark
john and sandy then immediately rushed
to see the shark with their abilities
sandy can conclude that the shark in
front of them is just an ordinary white
shark and not the sand shark as they
think she said that the white shark in
front of them was an adult shark but the
structure of its teeth were still very
different from the shark teeth she found
on the victim's body
that night it was seen that brenda was
bringing jimmy to the police station it
turned out that he deliberately paid
people to catch fake sharks and said
that the sand shark had been caught
that's when jon tried to capture the
people jimmy ordered to find the shark
as it turned out the two people who died
on the rubber boat that night were
jimmy's men
on the other side of the beach sandy is
seen conducting an experiment it turns
out that she purposely drip fresh blood
on the sand to lure the sand sharks out
and sure enough in a short time a
shark's fin began to emerge from the
sand and circled around her sandy who
was scared immediately ran to john
that's when the mayor came and forbade
jimmy to hold a festival on the beach
but he was completely unaware of the
existence of the sand shark suddenly
from the sand a sand shark appeared and
immediately attacked him the mare died
instantly meanwhile one of jimmy's men
who was drunk was in the middle of the
beach wearing headphones at that time he
wanted to connect two cables to connect
electricity to the beach
suddenly a giant shark jumped and
pounced on him but the electricity
explodes the giant shark's body to
pieces
the next day jimmy looks so happy to
start his dream festival according to
him the shark that has terrorized all
the residents has been destroyed and now
he's ready to revive this island
in the laboratory sandy began to examine
the shark pieces now she was starting to
come to a new conclusion
according to her the giant shark they
found was still a baby sand shark she
was sure the mother was still somewhere
and must be more vicious in addition
sandy is unsure how long this creature
has been breeding and how many babies it
has surprisingly the piece of shark meat
does not look like fish meat in general
that's what makes them adaptable very
well so they can swim in the land but on
the other hand jimmy doesn't want to
listen to sandy and john at all now
without his father he can do whatever he
wants he just wants to keep the festival
open on white sand beach
the weekend festival began many visitors
came and were having fun on the beach
suddenly a sand shark appeared and
immediately pounced on one of the
visitors the incident shocked everyone
and caused a commotion
people immediately ran to save
themselves but the number of sharks that
terrorized them was more than usual
now the sharks are partying by eating
the frightened visitors
it was the vibrations generated by
people that triggered the sand sharks to
come to the surface
now they will only be a delicious meal
in the middle of a beach party
unfortunately brenda had to be one of
the victims because a sand shark
attacked her she lost half of her body
eaten by the sand shark jimmy who saw
brenda's condition was very shocked but
he couldn't do anything
meanwhile sandy and john are in danger
the sand sharks tried to chase them
until they were forced to climb onto the
reef to save themselves finally they had
to stay on the rock while waiting for
help to come to their rescue
during their panic suddenly angus
appeared in the white sand carrying a
long-barreled weapon now sandy and john
have been rescued
on the beach only the four of them
survived the sand shark attack
now they intend to lure the sharks out
of their nest according to sandy the
sand sharks are very disturbed by the
sounds and vibration so they bring
speakers and make noise to lure the
sharks out sandy then used some fresh
blood around the speaker angus said he
was ready to kill the sharks by using
his flame thrower which has a
temperature of 2000 degrees celsius and
sure enough it didn't take long for the
sand sharks to come out of their hiding
places they started circling the speaker
with drops of blood all around
unfortunately the speaker cable
connection was broken
so jimmy was determined to go there and
reconnect the speaker cable but jimmy
doesn't know how to connect the cable at
all so he can't go back to the place
sandy and the others are hiding he then
surrendered and made himself the food of
the giant sand sharks
seeing the sharks gathering to eat jimmy
gave angus an opportunity to slaughter
them together using his flamethrower he
immediately shot a flame of 2000 degrees
celsius and sure enough the sand sharks
died from burning seeing the dead sand
sharks made him relieved and happy
because they had won the battle but it
turns out that all the sharks in front
of them are just baby sharks meanwhile
from behind the sand dunes a mother
shark appeared to reveal itself the
mother shark jumped through the hills
and immediately pounced on angus and he
was killed that's when sandy and john
walked into the hut and blamed a bomb
the cabin exploded as the two managed to
jump out the mother sand shark pounced
on the exploded cabin and died with it
now the sand sharks terror on the white
sand beach is finally over
sandy and john finally managed to
survive the attack of the deadly sand
sharks
the movie ends
[Music]
you